cooper
jur
the intelligent GPUs from Multiplex
uses the same satellites the car navigation
finally, values ​​like the current airspeed can
above the city location and the distance of the model shown
become
In addition, more will give everything like the whole
traveled route
or different angle specifications
With the Multiplex GPS you know the current airspeed
the data is displayed in real time on the transmitter's display
The Multiplex Sensor Bus System MSC is an independent development
Underflow in a multiplex Wenning receiver up to 16 sensors
be interconnected and managed as desired
Visas in the SB are also sensors from third-party providers in the system
incorporate and the appropriate telemetry values ​​on the transmitter display
represent
Save light and costs
because SB Heil intelligent sensors do not need them so much sense
Action
The GPS sensor from Multiplex is one of many other Kemmling
Sensors over the model compartment
which are available
Further information about the WM Link sensors and the free pc program
Multiplex side job
You can find it on the internet under multiplex - he last lived or in ours
youtube channel at youtube com / multiplex trendy
Sanaa
No